2.26.21
  1:40pm
  I am continuinig with codecademy (CA) and have reached the methods section. I have been wondering if an efficient step to take that would (hopefully) maximize my progress and 
  get my portfolio hire-ready is to learn Spring and make a small application in tandem to working through CA and mastering the fundamentals of java.
  
  What is the difference between Maven and Gradle projects? 
  
  I have found that intelliji requires the premium edition in order to use spring tools. So I switched to vs code. 
  
  Spring has successfully been set up on vs code.
  
  2:44pm
  Upon further analysis of some code, I still don't feel I have a strong understanding of the dot operator when working with methods. Review required.
  from java in a nutshell pg 49: :An object is a collection of data and methods that operate on that data; the data
fields and methods of an object are called its members. The dot (.) operator
accesses these members. If o is an expression that evaluates to an object reference
(or a class name), and f is the name of a field of the class, o.f evaluates to
the value contained in that field. If m is the name of a method, o.m refers to that
method and allows it to be invoked using the () operator shown later."
  visual: OBJECT ----- data "we work for OBJECT"                          OBJECT wants to evaluate data so OBJECT.data
                    \                                                     OBJECT wants to call method so OBJECT.method
                     \ methods "we talk with data and work for OBJECT"  |  
   
   I need to review the nature of constructors.
   
   4:33pm
   Do not clearly understand the process and syntax reassigning instance fields within methods. is it merely using var reassignment with = operator?

3.5.21
  1757
  Codecademt is foing very well. it feels like I'm being strongly challenged and learning the Java language.
  I was also recommended a new projects by Buy Mentor Janelle Cahill Queen courage me to create a news feed provider 
  from the website Hacker News using Java and swing.
  as of now I feel that I should complete the code academy course so I can Master the fundamentals of the Java language 
  before I engage in the project. however it might be beneficial to just get started on it and learn as I go.
  another update is my friend works for Salesforce now and is encouraging me to finish some Trailhead Salesforce courses 
  so that she can work on getting me a job as a developer. I need to make sure I fit this in my other work as she will 
  have to touch base with me on the 15th of this month
